---
draft: True
date: 2024-07-03
slug: 2024Q2
categories:
  - Personal
  - Thoughts
  - Metrics
authors:
  - Nobody
---

# Quarter 2 of 2024: Intro

This year is flying by hella quick. Especially when you are doing something that you enjoy. I can recall my younger days being in school, in class and time was going by so slow. I'd stare at the clock as it slowly ticks second-by-second, watching the minute ticker move ever so slowly 6-degrees at a time. 

I always wondered why and now that I've matured (sort of) and is more aware, it is because I absolutely did not want to be there, had no interest in the subject, and/or did not enjoy being there (required and expected of). I just had no interest in being forced into what was considered normal/standardized way of learning, IE: going to school and attending a fixed structured curriculum of classes. I never understood how someone can finish high-school and have a grasp of what they wanted to major in and decide on a career in life. I had no idea what I wanted to do, and I was very confident that I would have absolutely no idea what I wanted to do once I graduated - and being forced with a decision to apply to colleges with a good sense of what you wanted to do/pursue was beyond me. It never made sense to me and I couldn't understand it.

1. I had no idea what I was really interested in (yet) nor wanted to do - so I was aimlessly learning (what I didn't like to learn). Nothing captivated nor inspired me. If I had any sense of what interests or pulled me in, I could have focused on the pre-requisites and foundations to pursue those interests - which potentially would lead to careers that I wanted to be in.

Thus, at a very young age, I dropped out and ended up playing video games since it captivated me. But I really wish I had the right people around me to breakdown & simplify the complexities of video-games and how to create it via technologies of coding. Now, I have a better understanding, that games are literally created out of nothing - these vast, beautiful worlds that tells stories, create communities, friendships and competition. Companies built from ground up worth millions if not trillions - all from code. Fascinating, surreal and truly inspiring and dope as fuck.

## Personal-Life Updates

From January to March, I spent some time focusing on self-care - evaluating what I've gone through these last couple years and just taking it slow to create an environment (safe & a place call home), removing the toxic/negative people in my life, taking care of my health and working on finding/surrounding/building a safe community of people that is continuously working on growing to be better and/or emulate/share similar values, ethics, philosophy - they work on themselves, make efforts to understand/sympathize with people, are honest, caring, respectful, supportive, have high-integrity and are truth seekers.      

It has been very tough with such big changes - especially removing friends (whom I've known for more than half my life) and family (I was born into).

Also, I've never realized I've been gaslit, manipulated and abused my whole life, unfortunately through uncontrollable circumstances. These traumas and experiences are something I will have to continuously work on for the rest of my life. Nonetheless, I am grateful to be here and have this opportunity to learn, grow and move forward.

## Other-Life Updates

I've started journaling (Feb 7th) consistently to practice writing so I can improve, remember and work through my feelings & thoughts. I don't really have a format nor structure, I just write what's in my head at the moment. It has help provide a lot of clarity - especially for the negative thoughts that you let marinate *unconsciously* in the head. So far, I've wrote in it every morning since February 7th - it is usually how I start my day and takes between 5 - 30 minutes. Sometimes my head is blank - so I let it wander a bit until thoughts come in. I don't force it and there are days where it takes me 10-minutes to write 2-3 sentences.

Other than that, I've been diving deep into the technology world - from the basics of coding/programming to machine-learning, large-language-models and artificial intelligence and I'm absolutely fascinated by the stories, the people, the potential and the opportunities (created && yet to be created). It will have such a profound impact on *all* industries and it seems we are just in the beginning of it. So many markets have yet to implement nor know how implement such technologies, that can greatly improve efficiencies, solve complex problems, remove friction, and overall positively impact with the potential to exponentially push forward everything. 

This is so exciting and I'm just glad to be here.

🩵🩶💜💙