---
draft: False
date: 2024-10-01
slug: 2024-Q3
categories:
  - Personal
  - Thoughts
  - Reflection
  - Quarterly
authors:
  - Nobody
---


<center>***we have all the resources within us***</center>


# Quarter 3 of 2024: Intro
We are three-quarters of the way through 2024. We have a lot of things to do, but we are also learning a lot. I spent 2/3 of Q3 in Boston (really did felt like I overstayed: not as productive, distracted, not as focused, etc.) and traveled to Italy for my first time for a wedding.

I did not write everyday, I stopped journaling, I slept late. But seeing friends, catching up, and spending time with the homies was great. 

Got back to the west coast on August 20th and had to get back to my structured routine - sleep early, wake up early, writing, reading, learning, documenting. The goal remains the same, to learn, grow, create, build, and improve. Put in the work every single day, track my progress, test my learning, and keep pushing myself to be better.


## Travels: Italy & Switzerland
It was a blessing to be able to travel for 2.5 weeks to another country I've never been. Grateful to have been invited to friends' wedding. I wrote more about this in details via my post: [Italy-Switzerland](https://xboltzmann.github.io/home/blog/2024/08/06/italy-switzerland/).

I loved every moment of it, it was hella chill and relaxing, the people and culture is hella chill & balanced.

So much beauty (everywhere) - excited for my next travels, whenever that may be.


## Learning: Web Development & Coding
After my travels, coming back home, I picked up a project to build a website for a daycare. I had to learn a lot, to name a few: from purchasing domain, where to host and deploy, SEO, utilizing some tools (Webflow) and then building the website from ground up via code (Nextjs, Tailwindcss, React).

Coming from the financial sector and transitioning to coding & programming, it was a lot (and a lot more to learn), and I'm absolutely excited for the future. Sometimes, I find myself getting distracted with new technology - so many resources, so many tools, out there to be used and build on top of. Shout out & thankful for all the developers and builders out there, I look up and will learn from yall. 

To note, if I knew more about programming, coding and the possibilities, I would have studied this in undergrad & focused on more math. Regardless, with enough passion, grit, drive, curiosity & hunger, I genuinely believe anyone have the capabilities to do anything (and everything). 

Lets fucking get it-

## Closing Thoughts
I am excited for the next 3-months. Somethings I need to work on: organization, planning out, setting goals, breaking out and simplifying, and taking action (with a sense of urgency, focus and priority).

Working on a few projects: building my own website, working on a simple booking software and sports data analyzer that has the capabilities to simulate games.

To improve: writing, creating, building, organization, coding, programming, databases.

Next quarterly post will have my website completed, hoping for another customer to build the portfolio out (would be great to have 2-3), and more organized structured writing.

Talk soon internet homies.

