# Life Log


## My PTSD Experience in Corporate Trapfoolery

I had a manager that used his corporate-position/title to enforce something - he said do this because 'I am your manager'. But I trained this 'manager' to review and approve my work and have walked through all my procedures yet he constantly needs explanation and walkthroughs numerous times. One of the most incompetent privileged people I've ever met that made no efforts to learn nor understand. The corporate culture is crazy, people getting promoted internally from homies that they've connections with from prior jobs, schools - creating something very similar to high-school cliques.

I once politely declined taking on additional work (different business-sector/unit which required learning new processes, understanding the new team (80+), functionality, expectations & infrastructure && structure of the business and its customers, etc.++) and since I was at operating at >full-capacity with no support as they were 'in the process of hiring' (for >12+ months and every single time I ask about it, there is *always* an excuse resulting in a delay - shocking). Then, the manager invited me to a meeting and included their manager (Director) to come in and enforce her - a way of indirect bullying in the corporate world. Mind you, no increase in compensation, just taking on a full-load of work from another **Accounting Manager** (I was a **Staff Accountant** btw & previously inherited majority of the heavy work from my prior two managers with the titles: *Accounting Manager* & *Finance Manager*. Company opt not to back-fill and deemed unnecessary as I was provided 6-weeks of evaluation to show that I was capable of taking on the work with little to no impact in operations to the business, business-partners & customers - saving the company >$200K per year. But this sort of recognition is given to your manager who was able to make the team more *lean*).

Fuck you lilbruv. I feel sorry for you, your friends & family. You've reached your cap/peak. Respectfully.